'"Chapter 9.AN: stop flaming ok! I dntn red all da boox! (Wait', " what?! So why are you writing a fanfiction!) dis is frum da movie ok so itz nut my folt if dumbeldor swers!(Dumbledore doesn't swear in the movies!) besuizds I SED HE HAD A HEDACHE! and da reson snap dosent lik harry now is coz hes christian and vampire is a satanist! (Or that Snape has always disliked Harry) MCR ROX!XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX666XXXXXXXXXXXI was so mad and sad. I couldn't believe Draco for cheating on me. (I can!)I began to cry against the tree (I feel bad for the poor tree) where I did it with Draco.Then all of a suddenly", ' an horrible man with red eyes and no nose and everything started flying towards me on a broomstick! He didn\'t have a nose (You just said that!) (basically like Voldemort in the movie) (He is Voldemort!) and he was wearing all black but it was obvious he wasn\'t gothic. It was...... (F*ck you Tara Gillespie! 3!!!) Voldemort!""No!"" I shouted in a scared voice but then Voldemort shouted ""Imperius!"" and I couldn\'t run away. (Kill her! Kill her!)""Crookshanks!"" I shouted at him. (Did Hermione\'s cat just come out of the broom?) Voldemort fell of his broom and started to scream. I felt bad for him even though I\'m a sadist so I stopped.""Ebony."" he yelled. ""Thou must kill Vampire Potter!"" (Exactly what JK Rowling had in mind when she wrote Voldemort.)I thought about Vampire and his sexah eyes and his gothic black hair and how his face looks just like Joel Madden. I remembered that Draco had said I didn\'t understand', ' so I thought', ' what if Draco went out with Vampire before I went out with him and they broke up? (Thank you! One sin off! Haha', ' just kidding)""No', ' Voldemort!"" I shouted back.Voldemort gave me a gun. ""No! Please!"" I begged.""Thou must!"" he yelled. ""If thou does not', ' then I shall kill thy beloved Draco!"" (YAYAY!!!!!!!!!!!)""How did you know?"" I asked in a surprised way.Voldemort got a dude-ur-so-retarded look on his face. (That is super offensive) ""I hath telekinesis."" (Telekinesis is moving things around with your mind', ' Telepathic is reading minds) he answered cruelly. ""And if you doth not kill Vampire', ' then thou know what will happen to Draco!"" he shouted. Then he flew away angrily on his broomstick.I was so scared and mad I didn\'t know what to do. Suddenly Draco came into the woods.""Draco!"" I said. ""Hi!""""Hi."" he said back but his face was all sad. He was wearing white foundation and messy eyeliner kind of like a pentagram (geddit) (F*ck you) between Joel Madden and Gerard Way.""Are you okay?"" I asked.""No."" he answered.""I\'m sorry I got all mad at you but I thought you cheated on me."" I expelled. (Really?)""That\'s okay."" he said all depressed and we went back into Hogwarts together making out. (How would they do that?)Sins Tally: 176No fanfic is without sin."\n'