'"Chapter 7. Bring me 2 life (That\'s an Evanescence song. As we\'ve established before', " Amy  Lee is Queen. Bring Me To Life is an amazing song. You will not desecrate her and her band's name by inserting songs as titles in your STUPID fanfic", ' am I understood? Also', ' why do all the other chapters not have titles but this one does?)AN: wel ok u guyz im only writting dis cuz I got 5 god reviuws. (Really?) n BTW I wont rite da nxt chapter til I git TIN god vons! (Honestly', " I'm surprised you even got 5) STO FLAMING OR ILL REPORT U! (I doubt you could report every flamer) Evony (Oh", " so it's Evony now?) isn't a Marie Sue ok she isn't perfect SHES A SATANITS! (There are different types of Mary Sues you know.) n she has problemz shes depressed 4 godz sake! (Really? Why would she be depressed? She has everything going for her)XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX666XXXXXXXXXZXXXXXXXXXXXXXDraco and I held our pale white hands with black nail polish (I don't know where to begin) as we went upstairs. I was wearing red Satanist sings on my nails in red nail polish (But didn't you just say your nail polish is black?) (AN: c doez dat sound lik a Maru Sue 2 u? (Yes.)). I waved to Vampire. Dark misery was in his depressed eyes. (You can't say that. It's obvious he's depressed. As is every other character in this story.) I guess he was jealous of me that I was going out with Draco. Anyway", ' I went upstairs excitedly with Draco. We went into his room and locked the door. (Oh no...) Then............ (Oh my god. THREE!!!!!)We started frenching passively (I don\'t think that\'s possible) and we took off each others clothes enthusiastically. (You kiss passively and take off clothes enthusiastically. Ok?)  He felt me up before I took of my top. Then I took off my black leather bra (OUCH!) and he took off his pants. We went on the bed and started making out naked and then he put his boy\'s thingy in mine and we HAD SEX. (c is dat stupid?) (Yes. Very much so.)""Oh Draco', ' Draco!"" I screamed while getting an orgasm when all of a sudden I saw a tattoo I had never seen before on Draco\'s arm. (Didn\'t you already have sex?) It was a black heart with an arrow through it. On it in bloody gothic writing were the words............ (Oh for god\'s sake.) Vampire! (Two things. One', ' I appreciate you putting in some Drarry but really? Also', " how do you know that's about Harry? It could be about you", ' since', " as you've stated", ' you too are a vampire.)I was so angry.""You bastard!"" I shouted angrily', ' jumping out of the bed. (See above sin)""No! No! But you don\'t understand!"" Draco pleaded. But I knew too much.""No', ' you fucking idiot!"" I shouted. ""You probably have AIDs (AIDS you idiot) anyway!""I put on my clothes all huffily(You sound like a two year old) and then stomped out. Draco ran out even though he was naked. (He couldn\'t have pulled on at least some pants?) He had a really big you-know-what but I was too mad to care. (So why\'d you mention it?)\xa0I stomped out (You already said that.) and did so until I was in Vampire\'s classroom where he was having a lesson with Professor Snape (How\'d you know?) and some other people.(And those other people matter just enough to get mentioned but not enough to be name checked?)""VAMPIRE POTTER', ' YOU MOTHERFUCKER!"" I yelled. (Way to make a scene)Sin tally: 144No fanfic is without sin"\n'