['"Chapter 5.AN: STOP flaming! if u flam it menz ur a prep or a posr! (Oh really?)Da only reson Dumbledeor swor is coz he had a hedache (I don\'t swear when I have a headache)ok an on tup of dat he wuz mad at dem 4 having sexx! (Dumbledore should be used to that. They are teenagers with hormones.) PS im nut updating umtil I get five good revoiws!(good luck getting one)XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX666XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXDumbledore made (What? Cookies?) and Draco and I follow him. He kept shouting at us angrily. (Obviously. He swore at them)""You ludacris fools!"" he shouted. (Isn\'t that a rapper who collaborated with Justin Bieber?) I started to cry tears of blood down my pallid face. Draco comforted me. When we went back to the castle Dumbledore took us to Professor Snape and Professor McGonagall who were both looking very angry. (Why? Do they know what\'s happened?)""They were having sexual intercourse in the Forbidden Forest!"" he yelled in a furious voice. (I think the furious was explained when he yelled)""Why did you do such a thing', ' you mediocre dunces (Amazing insult)?"" asked Professor McGonagall.""How dare you (True. How dare they do a normal teenager thing!)?"" demanded Professor Snape.And then Draco shrieked. ""BECAUSE I LOVE HER!"" (*Facecomputer* Seriously?!)Everyone was quiet. Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall still looked mad but Professor Snape said. ""Fine. Very well. You may go up to your rooms."" (Why is Snape the voice of reason in this? Also', ' you should\'ve given them detention if you were that scandalized.)Draco and I went upstairs while the teachers glared at us. (OK! The teachers are upset! Stop hitting us over the head with that fact.)""Are you okay', ' Ebony?"" Draco asked me gently. (No. Oh you weren\'t talking to me? Damn)""Yeah I guess."" I lied. (Why would you not be? You just got off scot-free!) I went to the girl\'s dorm and brushed my teeth and my hair and changed into a low-cut black floor-length dress with red lace all around it and black high heels. (Planning on going somewhere', ' slut?)When I came out....(Three dots! Not four', ' 3!)Draco was standing in front of the bathroom', " and he started to sing 'I just wanna live' by Good Charlotte. (She actually spelled it right!) I was so flattered", " even though he wasn't supposed to be there. We hugged and kissed. After that", ' we said goodnight and he reluctantly went back into his room. (Did she wear that ridiculous dress to bed? What about the MCR shirt?)Sin tally: 95No Fanfic is without sin"\n']