['"Chapter 10.AN: stup it u gay fags (Redundant much?) if u donot lik ma story den fukk off (God', " I wish. But the fanfiction gods are telling me I have to stay)! ps it turnz out b'loody mary isn't a muggle afert al n she n vampire r evil datz y dey movd houses ok! (You already told us that)XXXXXXXXXXXXX666XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXI was really scared about Vlodemort all day. (You weren't while talking with Draco) I was even upset went to rehearsals with my gothic metal band Bloody Gothic Rose 666. (Kill me now. Please!)I am the lead singer of it and I play guitar. (Now you're gonna say you play lead guitar.)People say that we sound like a cross between GC", " Slipknot and MCR. (This sounds horrible. No shade on any fans of them) The other people in the band are B'loody Mary", ' Vampire', ' Draco', " Ron (although we call him Diabolo (PLEASE! Let one person be normal) now. He has black hair now with blue streaks in it. (That doesn't sound particularly dangerous)) and Hargrid. (Is he a gothic pirate?) Only today Draco and Vampire were depressed so they weren't coming and we wrote songs instead. I knew Draco was probably slitting his wrists (You say it so casually) (he wouldn't die because he was a vampire too and the only way you can kill a vampire is with a c-r-o-s-s (there's no way I'm writing that) (You already wrote it!) or a steak (Hahahahaha)) and Vampire was probably watching a depressing movie like The Corpse Bride. (That movie's not depressing.)I\xa0put on a black leather shirt that showed off my boobs and tiny matching miniskirt that said Simple Plan on the butt. You might think I'm a slut but I'm really not. (Honey", ' I think you\'re a slut. My friends think you\'re a slut. I called you a slut! You are a slut.)We were singing a cover of \'Helena\' and at the end of the song I suddenly bust into tears. (Why?)""Ebony! Are you OK?"" B\'loody Mary asked in a concerted voice. (Uh', ' no.)""What the fuck do you think?"" I asked angrily. And then I said. ""Well', " Voldemort came and the fucking bastard told me to fucking kill Harry! But I don't want to kill him", ' because', " he's really nice", " even if he did go out with Draco. But if I don't kill Harry", ' then Voldemort', ' will fucking kill Draco!"" I burst into tears. (KILL EVERYONE!!!)Suddenly Draco jumped out from behind a wall.(Are there just walls everywhere or did he jump through a door)""Why didn\'t you fucking tell me!"" he shouted. ""How could you- you- you fucking poser muggle bitch!"" (c is dat out of character?)(No', ' surprisingly. Sin for not writing him in character more)I started to cry and cry. Draco started to cry too all sensitive. Then he ran out crying.We practiced for one more hour. Then suddenly Dumbeldore walked in angrily! His eyes were all fiery and I knew this time it wasn\'t cause he had a headache.""What have you done!"" He started to cry wisely. (He was just angry!) (c dats basically nut swering and dis time he wuz relly upset n u wil c y) ""Ebony Draco has been found in his room. He committed suicide by slitting his wrists."" (I do not condone suicide', ' ever', ' but...yay', " Draco's dead! Also", " you said he couldn't die like that!)Thx to my friend Eliza for the help! Go follow\xa0@wedreamadream", ' that\'s hers and a couple other friends\' account.Sin Tally: 196No fanfic is without sin!"\n']