'"Chapter 3.AN: STOP FLAMMING DA STORY PREPZ OK! (No thx) odderwize fangs 2 da goffik ppl 4 da good reveiws! (So if you gave her good reviews', ' your ""goffick""?)FANGS AGEN RAVEN! oh yeah', " BTW I don't own dis or da lyrics 4 Good Chralotte.(and you can't even spell your second favorite band's name right)XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXOn the night of the concert I put on my black lace-up boots with high heels. (NOOOOOO!!!)Underneath them were ripped red fishnets. Then I put on a black leather minidress with all this corset stuff on the back and front. (Honestly", ' this is horrible.) put on matching fishnet on my arms. (Shut up!) I straightened my hair and made it look all spiky. I felt a little depressed then', ' so I slit one of my wrists. (Wow. You slit your wrists everytime you feel depressed? Also', " why are you depressed? You're going to a concert!)\xa0 I read a depressing book (I would say Les Mis but since Tara is acting like she hasn't read the HP books", " I doubt she's read Les Mis.) while I waited for it to stop bleeding (So you bled on your book?) and I listened to some GC. I painted my nails black and put on TONS of black eyeliner. (Did you hear that guys? TONS! Not a little. Not a lot. TONS! God", " she sounds like Trump.) Then I put on some black lipstick. I didn't put on foundation because I was pale anyway. (That didn't stop you earlier) I drank some human blood so I was ready to go to the concert. (Ok...)I went outside. Draco was waiting there in front of his flying car.(Draco does not have a flying car.) He was wearing a Simple Plan t-shirt (they would play at the show too)", ' baggy black skater pants', ' black nail polish and a little eyeliner (AN: A lot fo kewl boiz wer it ok! (Not at my school)).""Hi Draco!"" I said in a depressed voice. (Aren\'t you excited about the concert?)""Hi Ebony."" he said back. We walked into his flying black Mercedes-Benz (the license plate said 666 (Is that a legal license plate number?)) and flew to the place with the concert. (How do you carry a concert in a car?) On the way we listened excitedly to Good Charlotte and Marilyn Manson. We both smoked cigarettes and drugs. (Just say no', ' kids. Ebony is a bad role model.) When we got there', ' we both hopped out of the car. We went to the mosh pit at the front of the stage and jumped up and down as we listened to Good Charlotte.""You come in cold', " you're covered in bloodThey're all so happy you've arrivedThe doctor cuts your cord", ' hands you to your mom)She sets you free into this life."" sang Joel (I don\'t own da lyrics 2 dat song).(Thank God.)""Joel is so fucking hot."" (Sweetie', " you don't say that to your date.) I said to Draco", ' pointing to him as he sung', ' filling the club with his amazing voice.Suddenly Draco looked sad. (Don\'t be so sensitive.)""What\'s wrong?"" I asked as we moshed to the music. Then I caught on.""Hey', ' it\'s ok I don\'t like him better than YOU!"" I said. (Sure.)""Really?"" asked Draco sensitively and he put his arm around me all protective.""Really."" I said. ""Besides I don\'t even know Joel and he\'s going out with Hilary fucking Duff. I fucking hate that little bitch."" I said disgustedly', ' thinking of her ugly blonde face. (I have no clue who she is. Does that make me a prep?)The night went on really well', ' and I had a great time. So did Draco. After the concert', " we drank some beer and asked Benji and Joel for their autographs and photos with them. We got GC concert tees. (That cost 40 buck each probably. Arcade Fire t shirts cost about $35 each and they aren't even super popular) Draco and I crawled back into the Mercedes-Benz", " but Draco didn't go back into Hogwarts", ' instead he drove the car into...........................(You really only need an ellipses which is 3 dots) the Forbidden Forest! (What a fricken cliffhanger.)Hey', " I'm back.Horrible fanfic.I think after MI", " I'm gonna tackle Hogwarts School of Miracles and Prayer.And than", ' maybe after that', " I'll tackle Starkit's Prophecy. That one's a horrible Warriors fanfic.But if you have any more after", ' message or comment.FFSinsSin Tally for MI so far: 66No fanfic is without sin"\n'