'"Chapter 6.AN: shjt up prepz ok! (I bet she\'s a poser) PS I wnot update ubtil u give me goood revows!XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX666XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXThe next day I woke up in my coffin. I put on a black miniskirt that was all ripped around the end and a matching top with red skulls (How is it matching if it has red skulls?) all over it and high heeled boots that were black. (Obviously. What other color would she put on?) I put on two pairs of skull earrings', " and two crosses in my ears. I spray-painted my hair with purple. (Don't you already have purple streaks in your hair?)In the Great Hall", " I ate some Count Chocula (Isn't that a kids cereal?) cereal with blood instead of milk (Skepticism abounds.)", ' and a glass of red blood. (What other color would blood be?) Suddenly someone bumped into me. All the blood spilled over my top. (EXTERMINATE!)""Bastard!"" I shouted angrily. I regretted saying it when I looked up cause I was looking into the pale white face of a gothic boy (Just because a goth knocks you into your drink', " you aren't mad? Also he could be emo?)with spiky black hair with red streaks in it. He was wearing so much eyeliner that I was going down his face (Shouldn't he should be concerned that a Mary Sue is going down his face?) and he was wearing black lipstick.(Of course he was.) He didn't have glasses anymore (How do you know if he had glasses before?) and now he was wearing red contact lenses (Again", " how do you know? He could have been born with red eyes.) just like Draco's and there was no scar on his forhead anymore. (Sins from above X2)He had a manly stubble on his chin. He had a sexy English accent. (If Hogwarts is in England", ' you all should have English accents.) He looked exactly like Joel Madden. He was so sexy that my body went all hot when I saw him kind of like an erection only I\'m a girl so I didn\'t get one you sicko. (4th Wall has been broken)""I\'m so sorry."" he said in a shy voice.""That\'s all right. What\'s your name?"" I questioned.""My name\'s Harry Potter', ' although most people call me Vampire these days."" (Of course.) he grumbled.""Why?"" I exclaimed.""Because I love the taste of human blood (Of course)."" he giggled.(You don\'t giggle!)""Well', ' I am a vampire."" I confessed.""Really?"" he whimpered. (Why would you whimper?)""Yeah."" I roared. (You don\'t need to roar! He asked a simple question)We sat down to talk for a while. Then Draco came up behind me and told me he had a surprise for me so I went away with him. (What a jerk!)Sin tally:113No fanfic is without sin"\n'