['"Chapter 1.(yay)AN: Special fangz (get it', ' coz Im goffik) (yes Tara', " I do get it. Doesn't mean it's good) 2 my gf (ew not in that way (cough cough homophobe) raven", " bloodytearz666 4 helpin me wif da story (oh did she?) and spelling(you certainly need it. If it's gonna be like this for the entire book....) U rok! Justin ur da luv of my deprzzing life u rok 2 (2 mentions for the love of her life!) MCR ROX! (I agree", " but what does that have to do with anything?)Hi my name is Ebony Dark'ness Dementia Raven Way (What the hell kind of name is that?!) and I have long ebony black hair (that's how I got my name)(Sure", " that's how everyone gets their names. My name would be Scarlett if that's the case) with purple streaks and red tips (Honestly", ' that would look horrible.) that reaches my mid-back and icy blue eyes like limpid tears (TF are limpid tears?) and a lot of people tell me I look like Amy Lee (No. Amy Lee is Queen. You will not disrespect her by comparing yourself to her', " ok?) (AN: if u don't know who she is get da hell out of here!(Guess I have to stay. Damn).). I'm not related to Gerard Way but I wish I was because he's a major fucking hottie (Incest.) I'm a vampire but my teeth are straight and white. I have pale white skin (...Obviously.) I'm also a witch", " and I go to a magic school called Hogwarts in England (You mean Scotland?)\xa0 where I'm in the seventh year (I'm seventeen). I'm a goth (in case you couldn't tell) and I wear mostly black. I love Hot Topic and I buy all my clothes from there (Goth in a box.) For example today I was wearing a black corset with matching lace around it and a black leather miniskirt", ' pink fishnets and black combat boots. I was wearing black lipstick', ' white foundation', ' black eyeliner and red eye shadow. (Get ready for more clothing descriptions.) I was walking outside Hogwarts. It was snowing and raining (sleet? Also how does that work?) so there was no sun', ' which I was very happy about. A lot of preps (What are preps?) stared at me. I put up my middle finger at them. (How you greet everyone apparently.) ""Hey Ebony!"" shouted a voice. I looked up. It was.... Draco Malfoy!""What\'s up Draco?"" I asked.""Nothing."" he said shyly. (OOOH someone has a crush! Also', " why'd you call her over when you were literally going to say all of three words to her.)But then", ' I heard my friends call me and I had to go away (Best ending to anything', ' ever. *sarcasm*)AN: IS it good? PLZ tell me fangz! (Horrible.)Hey all.Decided to try a new idea. FanficSins. A ripoff of CinemaSins and if they ask me to take it down', " I will. I don't own this", ' thank god.Have any suggestions for fanfics? Comment or message.Thanks!Sin Tally So Far: 24No fanfic is without sin."\n']