'"I know you\'re all dying to read the next chapters. You\'re welcome.Chapter 5.AN: STOP flaming! if u flam it menz ur a prep or a posr! Da only reson Dumbledeor swor is coz he had a hedache ok an on tup of dat he wuz mad at dem 4 having sexx! PS im nut updating umtil I get five good revoiws!Dumbledore has no chillDumbledore made and Draco and I follow him. He kept shouting at us angrily.I can understand why he\'s pissed about you having sex on his grounds. Damn it Enoby that man has accepted you', ' a fuckin vampire', ' into his school and allows you to drink blood. So you repay him by getting it on on the fucking grounds. Nahhh you silly shit.""You ludacris fools!"" he shouted.A ludacris fool wrote thisI started to cry tears of blood down my pallid face. Draco comforted me. When we went back to the castle Dumbledore took us to Professor Snape and Professor McGonagall who were both looking very angry.Tears of blood...-_-""They were having sexual intercourse in the Forbidden Forest!"" he yelled in a furious voice.""Why did you do such a thing', ' you mediocre dunces?"" asked Professor McGonagall.""How dare you?"" demanded Professor Snape.And then Draco shrieked. ""BECAUSE I LOVE HER!""Best excuse ever... YOU\'VE BEEN ON ONE DATEEveryone was quiet. Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall still looked mad but Professor Snape said. ""Fine. Very well. You may go up to your rooms.""Apparently ""because I love her""is a valid excuseDraco and I went upstairs while the teachers glared at us.""Are you okay', ' Ebony?"" Draco asked me gently.""Yeah I guess."" I lied. I went to the girl\'s dorm and brushed my teeth and my hair and changed into a low-cut black floor-length dress with red lace all around it and black high heels. When I came out....Voldemort was there and killed meDraco was standing in front of the bathroom', " and he started to sing 'I just wanna live' by Good Charlotte. I was so flattered", " even though he wasn't supposed to be there. We hugged and kissed. After that", ' we said goodnight and he reluctantly went back into his room.That was almost a decent paragraphChapter 6.AN: shjt up prepz ok! PS I wnot update ubtil u give me goood revows!She needs some good revows! Some one needs to have a dope vow renewal ceremonyThe next day I woke up in my coffin. I put on a black miniskirt that was all ripped around the end and a matching top with red skulls all over it and high heeled boots that were black. I put on two pairs of skull earrings', ' and two crosses in my ears. I spray-painted my hair with purple.Spray painted?In the Great Hall', ' I ate some Count Chocula cereal with blood instead of milk', ' and a glass of red blood. Suddenly someone bumped into me. All the blood spilled over my top.Count Chocula is an American muggle cereal""Bastard!"" I shouted angrily. I regretted saying it when I looked up cause I was looking into the pale white face of a gothic boy with spiky black hair with red streaks in it. He was wearing so much eyeliner that I was going down his face and he was wearing black lipstick. He didn\'t have glasses anymore and now he was wearing red contact lenses just like Draco\'s and there was no scar on his forhead anymore. He had a manly stubble on his chin. He had a sexy English accent. He looked exactly like Joel Madden. He was so sexy that my body went all hot when I saw him kind of like an erection only I\'m a girl so I didn\'t get one you sicko.Love that you had confirm that you were female so you couldn\'t get a boner""I\'m so sorry."" he said in a shy voice.""That\'s all right. What\'s your name?"" I questioned.No it\'s not! You just called him a bastard""My name\'s Harry Potter', ' although most people call me Vampire these days."" he grumbled.No God please no""Why?"" I exclaimed.""Because I love the taste of human blood."" he giggled.Fuck sake""Well', ' I am a vampire."" I confessed.""Really?"" he whimpered.""Yeah."" I roared.Enoby is Aslan confirmedWe sat down to talk for a while. Then Draco came up behind me and told me he had a surprise for me so I went away with him.Oh dear lord"\n'