['"Hey hey hey!Chapters 3&4 are here. WARNING: Sexy times (ish) and Self Harm.Chapter 3.AN: STOP FLAMMING DA STORY PREPZ OK! odderwize fangs 2 da goffik ppl 4 da good reveiws! FANGS AGEN RAVEN! oh yeah', " BTW I don't own dis or da lyrics 4 Good Chralotte.Only Goffik people are capable of leaving good reviewsOn the night of the concert I put on my black lace-up boots with high heels. Underneath them were ripped red fishnets. Then I put on a black leather minidress with all this corset stuff on the back and front. I put on matching fishnet on my arms. I straightened my hair and made it look all spiky. Ifelt a little depressed then", " so I slit one of my wrists.*looks up* Oh hi didn't see you there", " I was just casually slitting my wrist.NAH BITCH NAHHHHHI read a depressing book while I waited for it to stop bleeding and I listened to some GC. I painted my nails black and put on TONS of black eyeliner. Then I put on some black lipstick. I didn't put on foundation because I was pale anyway. I drank some human blood so I was ready to go to the concert.WhyyyyyyyI went outside. Draco was waiting there in front of his flying car. He was wearing a Simple Plan t-shirt (they would play at the show too)", ' baggy black skater pants', ' black nail polish and a little eyeliner (AN: A lot fo kewl boiz wer it ok!).Draco Malfoy', ' a pure blood wizard knows of Simple Plan and wears guy liner... His father will hear about this.Kool Boiz LOL""Hi Draco!"" I said in a depressed voice.""Hi Ebony."" he said back. We walked into his flying black Mercedes-Benz (the license plate said 666) and flew to the place with the concert. Oh my God so edgy with your 666 number plate.Also Draco wouldn\'t have a flying carOn the way we listened excitedly to Good Charlotte and Marilyn Manson. We both smoked cigarettes and drugs. UghWhen we got there', ' we both hopped out of the car. We went to the mosh pit at the front of the stage and jumped up and down as we listened to Good Charlotte.WIZARD MOSH PIT""You come in cold', " you're covered in bloodThey're all so happy you've arrivedThe doctor cuts your cord", ' hands you to your momShe sets you free into this life."" sang Joel (I don\'t own da lyrics 2 dat song).We know you don\'t own the lyrics...they\'re spelt correctly""Joel is so fucking hot."" I said to Draco', ' pointing to him as he sung', ' filling the club with his amazing voice.Suddenly Draco looked sad.""What\'s wrong?"" I asked as we moshed to the music. Then I caught on.""Hey', ' it\'s ok I don\'t like him better than YOU!"" I said.But you told your mate Willow you didn\'t like him!!""Really?"" asked Draco sensitively and he put his arm around me all protective.""Really."" I said. ""Besides I don\'t even know Joel and he\'s going out with Hilary fucking Duff. I fucking hate that little bitch."" I said disgustedly', " thinking of her ugly blonde face.Ebony isn't a Lizzie Mcguire fan thenThe night went on really well", ' and I had a great time. So did Draco. After the concert', ' we drank some beer and asked Benji and Joel for their autographs and photos with them. We got GC concert tees. Draco and I crawled back into the Mercedes-Benz', " but Draco didn't go back into Hogwarts", ' instead he drove the car into... the Forbidden Forest!Oh good lord', " I think I know what's going to happenChapter 4.AN: I sed stup flaming ok ebony's name is ENOBY nut mary su OK! DRACO IS SOO IN LUV wif her dat he is acting defrent! dey nu eechodder b4 ok!Right she's called Enoby", ' got it.No it\'s not okay""DRACO!"" I shouted. ""What the fuck do you think you are doing?""Draco didn\'t answer but he stopped the flying car and he walked out of it. I walked out of it too', ' curiously.I swear if they get in the back and do the dirty...""What the fucking hell?"" I asked angrily.""Ebony?"" he asked.""What?"" I snapped.Draco leaned in extra-close and I looked into his gothic red eyes (he was wearing color contacts) which revealed so much depressing sorrow and evilness and then suddenly I didn\'t feel mad anymore.Ah yes sorrow and evil all the things you need to calm downAnd then... suddenly just as I Draco kissed me passionately. Draco climbed on top of me and we started to make out keenly against a tree. He took of my top and I took of his clothes. I even took of my bra. Then he put his thingie into my you-know-what and we did it for the first time.God damn it!He put his thingie into my you know what... Author is clearly a virgin""Oh! Oh! Oh! "" I screamed. I was beginning to get an orgasm. We started to kiss everywhere and my pale body became all warm. And then....""WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING YOU MOTHERFUKERS!""WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN MY SWAMPIt was....Dumbledore!\n']