['"It\'s been awhile and I don\'t have an excuse so let\'s just get things going.Chapter 7. Bring me 2 lifeEdgy title', " check ✔AN: wel ok u guyz im only writting dis cuz I got 5 god reviuws. n BTW I wont rite da nxt chapter til I git TIN god vons! STO FLAMING OR ILL REPORT U! Evony isn't a Marie Sue ok she isn't perfect SHES A SATANITS! n she has problemz shes depressed 4 godz sake!Apparently this time Tara needs a review from the Tin God. Also", " who's Evony?Draco and I held our pale white hands with black nail polish as we went upstairs. I was wearing red Satanist sings on my nails in red nail polish (AN: c doez dat sound lik a Maru Sue 2 u?). I waved to Vampire. Dark misery was in his depressed eyes. I guess he was jealous of me that I was going out with Draco. Anyway", ' I went upstairs excitedly with Draco. We went into his room and locked the door. Then…He put his ""thingy"" in your ""you know what""We started frenching passively and we took off each others clothes enthusiastically. He felt me up before I took of my top. Then I took off my black leather bra and he took off his pants. We went on the bed and started making out naked and then he put his boy\'s thingy in mine and we HAD SEX. (c is dat stupid?)Passive aggressive French kissing. I kinda feel for Enoby here', ' I mean a leather bra can\'t be comfy.""Oh Draco', ' Draco!"" I screamed while getting an orgasm when all of a sudden I saw a tattoo I had never seen before on Draco\'s arm. It was a black heart with an arrow through it. On it in bloody gothic writing were the words… Vampire!Half way through passive frenching and chill then she sees your tatoo.I was so angry.Not a fan of tattoos? That\'s not very edgy...""You bastard!"" I shouted angrily', ' jumping out of the bed.""No! No! But you don\'t understand!"" Draco pleaded. But I knew too much.""No', ' you fucking idiot!"" I shouted. ""You probably have AIDs anyway!""If Draco has AIDs then you\'re pretty screwed.I put on my clothes all huffily and then stomped out. Draco ran out even though he was naked. He had a really big you-know-what but I was too mad to care. I stomped out and did so until I was in Vampire\'s classroom where he was having a lesson with Professor Snape and some other people.Enoby proving that size doesn\'t matter""VAMPIRE POTTER', ' YOU MOTHERFUCKER!"" I yelled.YEAH', ' FUCK YOU VAMPIRE... Wait', ' why are we mad at him?Chapter 8.AN: stop flassing ok! if u do den u r a prep!Dental Advice with TaraEveryone in the class stared at me and then Draco came into the room even though he was naked and started begging me to take him back.It\'s like the Wizzarding world\'s Jeremy Kyle""Ebony', ' it\'s not what you think!"" Draco screamed sadly.My friend B\'loody Mary Smith smiled at me understatedly. She flipped her long waste-length gothic black hair and opened her crimson eyes like blood that she was wearing contact lenses on. She had pale white skin that she was wearing white makeup on. Hermione was kidnapped when she was born. Her real parents are vampires and one of them is a witch but Voldemort killed her mother and her father committed suicide because he was depressed about it. She still has nightmares about it and she is very haunted and depressed. It also turns out her real last name is Smith and not Granger. (Since she has converted to Satanism she is in Slytherin now not Griffindoor. )"\n']