['"We\'ve all expierenced the darker side of the internet right? Some of us will have read FanFiction and experienced the Mary Sue or Garry Stu characters that can sometimes appear. So my friends I thought what better way to start than to commentate one of the most infamous FanFictions of all time.My Immortal by Tara GilesbieChapter 1.AN: Special fangz (get it', ' coz Im goffik) 2 my gf (ew not in that way) raven', " bloodytearz666 4 helpin me wif da story and spelling. U rok! Justin ur da luv of my deprzzing life u rok 2! MCR ROX!Goffick? Do you mean you're Gothic or are you identifying as some kind of creature?You have spelt with 'wiff' -_-Huge congrats to Justin", " gold star for youHi my name is Ebony Dark'ness Dementia Raven Way and I have long ebony black hair (that's how I got my name) with purple streaks and red tips that reaches my mid-back and icy blue eyes like limpid tears and a lot of people tell me I look like Amy Lee (AN: if u don't know who she is get da hell out of here!). Ebony Darkness Dementia Raven Way -_-Not to sure about the hair choicesI'm not related to Gerard Way but I wish I was because he's a major fucking hottie.Incest?I'm a vampire but my teeth are straight and white. I have pale white skin. I'm also a witch", " and I go to a magic school called Hogwarts in England where I'm in the seventh year (I'm seventeen).I'm a goth (in case you couldn't tell) and I wear mostly black.She's a goth. A gothic vampire witch...fuck offI love Hot Topic and I buy all my clothes from there. For example today I was wearing a black corset with matching lace around it and a black leather miniskirt", ' pink fishnets and black combat boots. I was wearing black lipstick', ' white foundation', ' black eyeliner and red eye shadow. I was walking outside Hogwarts. It was snowing and raining so there was no sun', ' which I was very happy about. You are telling me that you are walking OUTSIDE in a miniskirt and corset whilst it\'s snowing! Go inside you bloody idiot.A lot of preps stared at me. I put up my middle finger at them.What a savage""Hey Ebony!"" shouted a voice. I looked up. It was.... Draco Malfoy!""What\'s up Draco?"" I asked.Didn\'t you just flip him and his group off?""Nothing."" he said shyly.Pretty sure Draco is a cocky little shit and never showed the slightest hint of shyness around anyone in Hogwarts. So i guess it\'s just you Mary SueBut then', " I heard my friends call me and I had to go away.AN: IS it good? PLZ tell me fangz!Kill meChapter 2.AN: Fangz 2 bloodytearz666 4 helpin me wif da chapta! BTW preps stop flaming ma story ok!Are you writing in your accent?The next day I woke up in my bedroom. It was snowing and raining again. I opened the door of my coffin and drank some blood from a bottle I had.I'm 110% sure that Dumbledore wouldn't be okay with you having a damn coffin. Vampires are considered bad beings in the wizzarding world so I'm guessing that like with Lupin (who is the fucking bomb) you would be treated as if you were a regular witch. That means sleeping on a bed.My coffin was black ebony and inside it was hot pink velvet with black lace on the ends. I got out of my coffin and took of my giant MCR t-shirt which I used for pajamas. Instead", ' I put on a black leather dress', ' a pentagram necklace', ' combat boots and black fishnets on. I put on four pairs of earrings in my pierced ears', ' and put my hair in a kind of messy bun.My friend', ' Willow (AN: Raven dis is u!) woke up then and grinned at me. She flipped her long waist-length raven black hair with pink streaks and opened her forest-green eyes. She put on her Marilyn Manson t-shirt with a black mini', ' fishnets and pointy high-heeled boots. We put on our makeup (black lipstick white foundation and black eyeliner.)I would like to say that neither MCR or Marilyn Manson would exist in the Wizarding world. They\'re Muggles.""OMFG', ' I saw you talking to Draco Malfoy yesterday!"" she said excitedly.OMFG I like totes saw you tlking to that hottie DracoPlease tell me this text talk won\'t be a regular thing""Yeah? So?"" I said', ' blushing.""Do you like Draco?"" she asked as we went out of the Slytherin common room and into the Great Hall.Of course you\'re a Slytherine""No I so fucking don\'t!"" I shouted.I\'m calling BS""Yeah right!"" she exclaimed. Just then', ' Draco walked up to me.""Hi."" he said.""Hi."" I replied flirtily.Why are you flirting??""Guess what."" he said.""What?"" I asked.""Well', ' Good Charlotte are having a concert in Hogsmeade."" he told me.Good Charlotte is a Muggle band... you don\'t care? Nevermind then""Oh. My. Fucking. God!"" I screamed. I love GC. They are my favorite band', ' besides MCR.""Well.... do you want to go with me?"" he asked.I gasped.A shocking turn of affairs obviouslyApparently that\'s a cliff hanger"\n']