['"AN: shjt up prepz ok! PS I wnot update ubtil u give me goood revows! It seems like Raven didn\'t even try to correct the story.XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX666XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXThe next day I woke up in my coffin. I put on a black miniskirt that was all ripped around the end and a matching top with red skulls all over it and high heeled boots that were black. I put on two pairs of skull earrings', ' and two crosses in my ears. But crosses can kill vampires', ' Enoby. I spray-painted my hair with purple.In the Great Hall', ' I ate some Count Chocula cereal with blood instead of milk How the fuck do you get away with that?', ' and a glass of red blood. Suddenly someone bumped into me. All the blood spilled over my top.""Bastard!"" I shouted angrily. I regretted saying it when I looked up cause I was looking into the pale white face of a gothic boy with spiky black hair with red streaks in it. He was wearing so much eyeliner that I was going down his face and he was wearing black lipstick. He didn\'t have glasses anymore and now he was wearing red contact lenses just like Draco\'s and there was no scar on his forhead anymore. Scars don\'t disappear completely. He had a manly stubble on his chin. He had a sexy English accent. He looked exactly like Joel Madden. He was so sexy that my body went all hot when I saw him kind of like an erection only I\'m a girl so I didn\'t get one you sicko. Why do you word this so poorly?""I\'m so sorry."" he said in a shy voice.""That\'s all right. What\'s your name?"" I questioned.""My name\'s Harry Potter', ' although most people call me Vampire these days."" he grumbled. Angsty teen trope much?""Why?"" I exclaimed. That shouldn\'t even be a question. People call him Vampire cause he\'s a fucking vampire.""Because I love the taste of human blood."" he giggled. What\'s funny about that?""Well', ' I am a vampire."" I confessed.""Really?"" he whimpered.""Yeah."" I roared. I just imagined that lion that appears before really old Warner Bros. cartoons because of the way you used \'roared\'.We sat down to talk for a while. Then Draco came up behind me and told me he had a surprise for me so I went away with him. Us fanfic readers know where this is going.Chapter 7. Bring me 2 lifeAN: wel ok u guyz im only writting dis cuz I got 5 god reviuws. n BTW I wont rite da nxt chapter til I git TIN god vons! STO FLAMING OR ILL REPORT U! Evony isn\'t a Marie Sue MARY Sue', " not MARIE Sue. Marie is the middle name of Elvis Presley's daughter and Lisa Simpson. ok she isn't perfect SHES A SATANITS! I think you mean Satanism. Satanitsm doesn't exist. n she has problemz shes depressed 4 godz sake!XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX666XXXXXXXXXZXXXXXXXXXXXXXDraco and I held our pale white hands with black nail polish as we went upstairs. I was wearing red Satanist sings on my nails in red nail polish (AN: c doez dat sound lik a Maru Sue 2 u? Not all Mary Sues are 'preps'.). I waved to Vampire. Dark misery was in his depressed eyes. Trying too hard. I guess he was jealous of me that I was going out with Draco. Anyway", " I went upstairs excitedly with Draco. We went into his room and locked the door. Then............ Oh God no.We started frenching passively So neither of you are reacting. and we took off each others clothes enthusiastically. He felt me up before I took of my top. Then I took off my black leather bra and he took off his pants. We went on the bed and started making out naked and then he put his boy's thingy in mine and we HAD SEX. (c is dat stupid? It is", ' Tara.)"\n']