'"Chapter 1.AN: Special fangz (get it', ' coz Im goffik) No. 2 my gf (ew not in that way) raven', ' I spy with my little eye a homophobe. bloodytearz666 4 helpin me wif da story and spelling. U rok! Justin ur da luv of my deprzzing life u rok 2! MCR ROX!XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Hate to break it to ya honey', " but that's not how you separate chapters and ANs.Hi my name is Ebony Dark'ness Dementia Raven Way and I have long ebony black hair Redundancy much? (that's how I got my name) with purple streaks and red tips that reaches my mid-back and icy blue eyes like limpid tears and a lot of people tell me I look like Amy Lee (AN: if u don't know who she is get da hell out of here!). I'm not related to Gerard Way but I wish I was because he's a major fucking hottie. I don't even know where to begin on that last sentence. I'm a vampire but my teeth are straight and white. Stop fucking lyin'.. I have pale white skin. I'm also a witch", " and I go to a magic school called Hogwarts in England HOGWARTS IS IN SCOTLAND where I'm in the seventh year (I'm seventeen). I'm a goth (in case you couldn't tell) and I wear mostly black. Wow", ' really? I love Hot Topic and I buy all my clothes from there. For example today I was wearing a black corset with matching lace around it and a black leather miniskirt', ' pink fishnets and black combat boots. I was wearing Nobody gives a shit. black lipstick', ' white foundation', ' black eyeliner and red eye shadow. I was walking outside Hogwarts. It was snowing and raining Hailing or sleeting', ' basically. Get your ass back inside. so there was no sun', ' which I was very happy about. A lot of preps stared at me. I put up my middle finger at them.""Hey Ebony!"" shouted a voice. I looked up. It was.... Draco Malfoy! Why the elipse?""What\'s up Draco?"" I asked.""Nothing."" he said shyly.But then', " I heard my friends call me and I had to go away.XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX No.AN: IS it good? PLZ tell me fangz! This fic is one of those things that's so shitty that it's good.Chapter 2.AN: Fangz 2 bloodytearz666 4 helpin me wif da chapta! BTW preps stop flaming ma story ok!XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX666XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXThe next day I woke up in my bedroom. It was snowing and raining again. I opened the door of my coffin and drank some blood from a bottle I had. My coffin was black ebony and inside it was hot pink velvet Later in the story though", ' Enoby claims she hates pink. with black lace on the ends. I got out of my coffin and took of my giant MCR t-shirt which I used for pajamas. Instead', ' I put on a black leather dress', ' a pentagram necklace', ' combat boots and black fishnets on. I put on four pairs of earrings in my pierced ears', ' and put my hair in a kind of messy bun. In a kind of messy bun.My friend', ' Willow (AN: Raven dis is u!) woke up then and grinned at me. She flipped her long waist-length raven black hair with pink streaks and opened her forest-green eyes. She put on her Marilyn Manson t-shirt with a black mini', ' fishnets and pointy high-heeled boots. We put on our makeup (black lipstick white foundation and black eyeliner.) Please stop describing clothes so damn much.""OMFG', ' I saw you talking to Draco Malfoy yesterday!"" she said excitedly.""Yeah? So?"" I said', ' blushing.""Do you like Draco?"" she asked as we went out of the Slytherin common room and into the Great Hall.""No I so fucking don\'t!"" I shouted. Which means you do. Come one Enoby', ' we read enough fics to know."\n'