['"(I thought I\'d do a commentary on \'My immortal.\' My comments will be in bold. Wish me luck. Also', " I don't own Harry Potter nor do I own this fic", ' thank God.) Chapter 1.AN: Special fangz (get it', ' coz Im goffik) how can she spell special but not goth?\xa0 2 my gf (ew  not in that way) raven', " bloodytearz666 4 helpin me wif da story and  spelling. U rok! Justin ur da luv of my deprzzing life u rok 2! MCR ROX!XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXHi  my name is Ebony Dark'ness Dementia Raven Way I would say what parent names their kid that but then remember we have stars who name their kids names like Pilot Inspektor. and I have long ebony  black hair (that's how I got my name) You were born with long black hair? Most babies are born bald or have a few wisps of hair.\xa0 with purple streaks and red tips  that reaches my mid-back and icy blue eyes like limpid Err someone correct me if I'm wrong but limpid means clear right? tears and a lot  of people tell me I look like Amy Lee (AN: if u don't know who she is  get da hell out of here!). I'm out", " see ya I'm not related to Gerard Way but I wish I  was because he's a major fucking hottie. Alrighty then. I'm a vampire but my teeth are  straight and white. I have pale white skin. I'm also a witch", " and I go  to a magic school called Hogwarts in England It's in Scotland where I'm in the seventh  year (I'm seventeen). I'm a goth Guess she can spell goth (in case you couldn't tell) and I wear  mostly black. I\xa0 wear mostly black", " does that mean I'm goth? NO", " it's just that black goes with everything. I love Hot Topic and I buy all my clothes from there. I get 'Supernatural' stuff from there. \xa0 For  example today I was wearing a black corset with matching lace around it  and a black leather miniskirt", " pink fishnets and black combat boots. Does Hot Topic really sell stuff like that? I just go there to get stuff from 'Supernatural' I don't really look at anything else. I  was wearing black lipstick", ' white foundation', ' black eyeliner and red eye  shadow. This is Halloween', ' This is Halloween I was walking outside Hogwarts. It was snowing and raining so  there was no sun', ' which I was very happy about. A lot of preps stared at  me. I put up my middle finger at them. Well', ' good morning to you to sweetheart. ""Hey Ebony!"" shouted a voice. I looked up. It was.... Draco Malfoy!""What\'s up Draco?"" I asked.""Nothing."" he said shyly.But then', " I heard my friends call me and I had to go away.XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXAN: IS it good? PLZ tell me fangz! I'll be honest", ' No', ' it\'s not. Done with chapter 1. Only a billion more to do. \xa0 "\n']