'" Chapter 3.AN: STOP FLAMMING DA STORY PREPZ OK! odderwize Odderwize? It\'s otherwise learn how to spell. fangs 2  da goffik ppl 4 da good reveiws! FANGS AGEN RAVEN! oh yeah', " BTW I don't  own dis or da lyrics 4 Good Chralotte.XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXOn  the night of the concert I put on my black lace-up boots with high  heels. I had boots like that once", ' they were combat boots...they were my sisters but she gave them to me', ' I loved them', " mom did not though. Underneath them were ripped red fishnets. Why are you wearing ripped fishnets? Then I put on a black  leather minidress with all this corset stuff Does she mean lace? Now I have Stevie Nicks and Don Henley's song 'Leather and lace' going through my head. I like that song. on the back and front. I  put on matching fishnet on my arms. No", ' you ether put matching fishnets on you arms or you put matching fishnets on. I straightened my hair and made it  look all spiky. Okay', " I'll let her have this one...maybe she was trying different styles? Or maybe not because how do you make long hair look spiky? Did she get a hair cut? I felt a little depressed then", " so I slit one of my  wrists. Don't cut yourself! It's very bad! I read a depressing book while I waited for it to stop bleeding But", " you're a vampire....you don't bleed", " unless you have prophyria  and I listened to some GC. I painted my nails black and put on TONS of  black eyeliner. Then I put on some black lipstick. I didn't put on  foundation because I was pale anyway. I drank some human blood Yummy so I was  ready to go to the concert.I went outside. Draco was waiting  there in front of his flying car. I didn't know Draco had a flying car...when did he get that? He was wearing a Simple Plan t-shirt  (they would play at the show too)", " You don't need parentheses AND commas baggy black skater pants", ' black nail  polish and a little eyeliner (AN: A lot fo kewl boiz wer it ok!). Name one cool guy who where it. ""Hi Draco!"" I said in a depressed voice. I greeted him sadly would be better.""Hi  Ebony."" he said back. We walked into his flying black Mercedes-Benz were you not paying attention to where you where going or what? \xa0  (the license plate said 666) I\'d like mine to say KAZ-2Y5 and flew to the place with the concert. On  the way we listened excitedly to Good Charlotte and Marilyn Manson. We  both smoked cigarettes and drugs. When we got there', ' we both hopped out  of the car. We went to the mosh pit at the front of the stage and jumped  up and down as we listened to Good Charlotte.""You come in cold', " you're covered in bloodThey're all so happy you've arrivedThe doctor cuts your cord", ' hands you to your momShe sets you free into this life."" sang Joel (I don\'t own da lyrics 2 dat song).""Joel is so fucking hot."" I said to Draco', ' pointing to him as he sung', ' filling the club with his amazing voice. That sentence makes it sound like Draco was singing.Suddenly Draco looked sad. My father will hear about this.\xa0 ""What\'s wrong?"" I asked as we moshed to the music.\xa0 Well lets see...you\'re talking about how hot a singer is ON A DATE WITH A GUY YOU HAVE HAD A CRUSH ON!!!! Then I caught on.""Hey', ' it\'s ok I don\'t like him better than YOU!"" I said.""Really?"" asked Draco sensitively Draco is not sensitive....he gave Katie Bell a cursed necklace and he put his arm around me all protective.""Really.""  I said. ""Besides I don\'t even know Joel and he\'s going out with Hilary  fucking Duff. I fucking hate that little bitch."" WOW', " there are actors I hate but I don't call them bitches. Jezz", ' what did Hilary Duff do to you....steal Joel from you? Oh', ' you never had him! I said disgustedly', '  thinking of her ugly blonde face. The night went on really well', '  and I had a great time. So did Draco. After the concert', ' we drank some  beer Underage drinking', " and wizards don't have beer", " they have fire whisky. and asked Benji and Joel for their autographs and photos with them.  We got GC concert tees. Draco and I crawled Crawled? You must've been hammered. back into the  Mercedes-Benz", " but Draco didn't go back into Hogwarts", " instead he drove  the car into........................... the Forbidden Forest! That's why you don't drink and drive!! So", ' what do you think so far? I\'m trying to be funny with this but I don\'t know...am I? Please leave a comment and tell me what you think. "\n'