['"Hello sweeties. How are you all doing? Here\'s a few more chapters for you to laugh at. Enjoy.\xa0 Chapter 6.AN: shjt up prepz ok! PS I wnot update ubtil u give me goood revows!XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX666XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXThe  next day I woke up in my coffin. This is not impotent to the story', ' we get that you sleep in a coffin I put on a black miniskirt that was  all ripped around the end and a matching top with red skulls all over it so the top is ripped or the mini has skulls over it', ' ether way...  and high heeled boots that were black. You could just say black high heeled boots I put on two pairs of skull  earrings', " and two crosses in my ears. You would have burned if you put crosses in your ear if you're a vampire\xa0 I spray-painted my hair with  purple. Spray-painted your hair? Who spray-paints their hair? In the Great Hall", ' I ate some Count Chocula cereal with  blood instead of milk', " Because that's the cool thing", ' eating cereal with blood not milk. Chocolate and blood sound like a bad combination. I\'ve tried corn flakes with orange juice....don\'t do it. and a glass of red blood. Suddenly someone bumped  into me. All the blood spilled over my top.""Bastard!"" I shouted  angrily. Deep breath girl did you wake up on the wrong side of your coffin?\xa0 I regretted saying it when I looked up cause I was looking  into the pale white face of a gothic boy with spiky black hair with red  streaks in it. Okay the hair style sounds cool He was wearing so much eyeliner that I was going down his  face and he was wearing black lipstick. But the rest of the description sounds horrid \xa0 He didn\'t have glasses anymore  and now he was wearing red contact lenses just like Draco\'s and there  was no scar on his forhead anymore. He had a manly stubble on his chin.  He had a sexy English accent. How do you know? He hasn\'t spoken yet. Unless you\'re generalizing', ' but he could be Irish and speak with an hot Irish accent. Just saying.\xa0 He looked exactly like Joel Madden. He was  so sexy that my body went all hot when I saw him kind of like an  erection only I\'m a girl so I didn\'t get one you sicko. No comment. ""I\'m so sorry."" he said in a shy voice. NOW you can comment on his accent. And if it\'s a shy voice', ' say he whispered or something. ""That\'s all right. What\'s your name?"" I questioned.""My name\'s Harry Potter', ' although most people call me Vampire these days."" he grumbled. Poor guy', ' I\'d be grumbling to if I got that nickname. ""Why?"" I exclaimed. This little mark here ! means you exclaimed something', ' a ? means you questioned it. If your doing both you say something like this \'Why?!\' I exclaimed.\'\xa0 \xa0 ""Because I love the taste of human blood."" he giggled. Harry', ' sorry Vampire', ' is messed up...why is he giggling because he likes the taste of human blood? Back away slowly and don\'t make eye contact.\xa0 ""Well', ' I am a vampire."" I confessed. Not something I\'d be saying as an interdiction. ""Really?"" he whimpered. Yeah', " I'd be scared to. Female vampires seduce men", " but I don't think you have anything to worry about Harry", ' Ebnoby is a wannabe. ""Yeah."" I roared. You need a exclamation point at the end of \'yeah\' so people know to yell it out. We sat down to talk for a while. What did you talk about? Then Draco came up behind me and told me he had a surprise for me so I went away with him. With out saying good by...rude. So there is chapter six. Anyone need brain bleach yet? Please leave a review if you liked it. "\n']