['" Chapter 7. Bring me 2 life So what makes this chapter special that it gets a chapter name? AN: wel ok u guyz im only writting dis  cuz I got 5 god reviuws. Alright who reviewed? I\'ll bet they were gofk perps who didn\'t want the story to end because it was too much fun to laugh at it. n BTW I wont rite da nxt chapter til I git TIN  god vons! What\'s a God Von?\xa0 STO So close to spelling it right FLAMING OR ILL REPORT U! For what?\xa0 Evony isn\'t a Marie Sue ok she  isn\'t perfect SHES A SATANITS! Err wouldn\'t a satanist know what never mind n she has problemz shes depressed 4 godz  sake!XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX666XXXXXXXXXZ Z? XXXXXXXXXXXXXDraco  and I held our pale white hands with black nail polish as we went  upstairs. I was wearing NO ONE CARES!!! red Satanist sings Satanist sings? What songs does Satan sing? Ohhhh does he sing \'Highway to Hell\'? on my nails in red nail  polish (AN: c doez dat sound lik a Maru Sue 2 u?). Well to me it sounds like you put musical notes on your nails so.... I waved to Vampire.  Dark misery You mean Annie form Stephen Kings novel \'Misery\' or something else?\xa0 was in his depressed eyes. Nope', " guess it's not Annie. You don't need the word depressed if you use the word misery...I don't think. I guess he was jealous of me that  I was going out with Draco. Why would Harry be jealous of some wacko going out with Draco? He's more then likely sorry for him. Anyway", " I went upstairs excitedly with  Draco. We went into his room and locked the door. Then............ You made woopie? We  started frenching passively and we took off each others clothes  enthusiastically. He felt me up before I took of my top. Then I took off  my black leather bra That would be comfortable\xa0 and he took off his pants. We went on the bed and  started making out naked and then he put his boy's thingy in mine and we  HAD SEX. (c is dat stupid?) Yeah", ' that\'s almost as bad as Sam\'s line is Supernatural \'I\'d love to have the sex with you.\' ""Oh Draco', ' Draco!"" I screamed while  getting an orgasm when all of a sudden I saw a tattoo I had never seen  before on Draco\'s arm. It was a black heart with an arrow through it. On  it in bloody gothic writing How can she spell writing correct here but not in the AN? \xa0 were the words............ Vampire!I was so angry. I\'d be confused ""You bastard!"" I shouted angrily', ' jumping out of the bed.""No! No! But you don\'t understand!"" Draco pleaded. But I knew too much. No sweetie you know nothing', ' all you know is that he has a tat...that\'s it. ""No', ' you fucking idiot!"" I shouted. ""You probably have AIDs anyway!"" That\'s not something to joke about...go to the corner. I  put on my clothes all huffily and then stomped out. Draco ran out even  though he was naked. He had a really big you-know-what Penis but I was too mad  to care. I stomped out and did so And did so? What did you do? until I was in Vampire\'s classroom  where he was having a lesson with Professor Snape and some other people. Some other people??? Like who', ' his fellow classmates', ' strangers? ""VAMPIRE POTTER', ' YOU MOTHERFUCKER!"" I yelled. Another good line right there. So that was chapter 7. What did you think of it? I hope you liked reading it. Leave a review telling me what you think. Monkee66"\n']