['"(This is', ' I think', ' the last chapter for the day sorry folks', " but I don't think my brain can take anymore of this. I hope you're enjoying the story", ' I use that term loosely', ' or if not the story', ' my comments on it. If you do like it', ' please leave a review. Thank you!) Chapter 5.AN: STOP flaming! if u flam it menz ur a prep or a  posr! Da only reson Dumbledeor swor is coz he had a hedache Wish that would work for me ok an on tup  of dat he wuz mad at dem 4 having sexx! Now that is a good reason for someone to swear PS im nut updating umtil I get  five good revoiws! XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX666 See what she did there? XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXDumbledore made and Draco and I follow him. Naked through the halls of Hogwarts\xa0 He kept shouting at us angrily.""You ludacris fools!"" he shouted. Dumbledore is now Snape.\xa0 I  started to cry tears of blood Is that normal? down my pallid face. No it\'s \'I started to cry tears of blood.\' No need to add \'Down my face\' Draco comforted me.  When we went back to the castle Dumbledore took us to Professor Snape  and Professor McGonagall who were both looking very angry.""They were having sexual intercourse in the Forbidden Forest!"" he yelled in a furious voice.""Why did you do such a thing', ' you mediocre dunces?"" asked Professor McGonagall. Great', ' now McGonagall is Snape""How dare you?"" demanded Professor Snape. If he demanded it what\'s with the question mark? And then Draco shrieked. ""BECAUSE I LOVE HER!"" Everyone  was quiet. Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall still looked mad but  Professor Snape said. ""Fine. Very well. You may go up to your rooms."" WHAT! DUDE', ' they where having SEX in the Forbidden Forest!! But I guess having them walk naked through the castle is punishment enough.\xa0 Draco and I went upstairs while the teachers glared at us.""Are you okay', ' Ebony?"" Draco asked me gently.""Yeah  I guess."" I lied. I went to the girl\'s dorm and brushed my teeth and my  hair and changed into a low-cut black floor-length dress with red lace  all around it and black high heels. Are you going to a party? I don\'t know about anyone else', " but I'd be going to bed. When I came out.... The suspense is killing me Draco was  standing in front of the bathroom", " Boys can't get into the girls dorms.\xa0 and he started to sing 'I just wanna  live' by Good Charlotte. I was so flattered", " even though he wasn't  supposed to be there. We hugged and kissed. After that", ' we said  goodnight and he reluctantly went back into his room. And chapter 5 is done. Like I said this is the last chapter of the day. My head hurts now', ' I\'m going to go swear at some people. Till next time.\xa0 "\n']