'"I do not own Harry Potter or this fanfic! Harry Potter belongs to J.K. Rowling. Also', ' PG13 because of swearing', ' smoking', ' doing drugs', ' cutting and bad sex scenes.AN: Special fangz (get it', ' coz Im goffik) 2 my gf (ew not in that way) raven', ' bloodytearz666 4 helpin me wif da story and spelling. U rok! Justin ur da luv of my deprzzing life u rok 2! MCR ROX!The spelling! My eyes! Did Raven really help you', " or did you make that up? Maybe Raven's her imaginary friend?Also", ' what\'s ""ew"" about a girl having a girlfriend in ""that way""? You\'re ew! Sorry', " I'm just easily offended.XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXHi my name is Ebony Dark'ness Dementia Raven WayThat's a Mary Sue name.and I have long ebony black hair (that's how I got my name) with purple streaks and red tips that reaches my mid-back and icy blue eyes like limpid tears and a lot of people tell me I look like Amy LeeHer appearance is Mary Sue-ish as well. Also", ' this is Amy Lee. A big difference between the two is that Amy Lee is fucking gorgeous', " whereas Ebony sounds like one of the kids that always smoke in front of my school during breaks.(AN: if u don't know who she is get da hell out of here!).Wish I could", " sweetheart.I'm not related to Gerard Way but I wish I was because he's a major fucking hottie.Somebody here has a celebrity crush! Ebony must also not know that it's wrong to date family.I'm a vampire but my teeth are straight and white. I have pale white skin. I'm also a witch", " and I go to a magic school called Hogwarts in EnglandNo. No... She's going to ruin Harry Potter!And isn't Hogwarts in Scotland?where I'm in the seventh year (I'm seventeen). I'm a goth (in case you couldn't tell)No shit Sherlock.and I wear mostly black. I love Hot Topic and I buy all my clothes from there.So", " that's her OC", ' or rather', ' her NO-C.For example today I was wearing a black corset with matching lace around it and a black leather miniskirt', ' pink fishnets and black combat boots. I was wearing black lipstick', ' white foundation', " black eyeliner and red eye shadow.Nobody is interested in what you're wearing.I was walking outside Hogwarts. It was snowing and raining so there was no sun", ' which I was very happy about. A lot of preps stared at me.I already like the preps.I put up my middle finger at them.""Hey Ebony!"" shouted a voice. I looked up. It was.... Draco Malfoy!""What\'s up Draco?"" I asked.""Nothing."" he said shyly.Draco is not shy. Also', ' what a meaningful conversation!But then', ' I heard my friends call me and I had to go away.This thing has friends?! There\'s more of her?!XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXAN: IS it good? PLZ tell me fangz!Please put your ""fangz"" through my throat and kill me now."\n'