'"Chapter ten! A milestone! The song above and the picture of my cat yawning are my attempts at restoring your sanity. You\'re welcome!AN: stup it u gay fagsBe proud of being gay! You\'re awesome! Also', ' kinda hypocritical', ' uh? I mean', " Draco and Harry dated in your book.if u donot lik ma story den fukk off!Can't baby.ps it turnz out b'loody mary isn't a muggle afert al n she n vampire r evil datz y dey movd houses ok!Seems legit.XXXXXXXXXXXXX666XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXI was really scared about Vlodemort all day. I was even upset went to rehearsals with my gothic metal band Bloody Gothic Rose 666.So she's amazingly talented at music", ' too. More Mary Sue points for you!I am the lead singer of it and I play guitar. People say that we sound like a cross between GC', " Slipknot and MCR. The other people in the band are B'loody Mary", ' Vampire', ' Draco', " Ron (although we call him Diabolo now. He has black hair now with blue streaks in it.)And now the entire Golden Trio is ruined!and Hargrid.Since when is he a student?Only today Draco and Vampire were depressed so they weren't coming and we wrote songs instead.But you're ALL depressed. When can the band ever practice when all of its members are constantly absent?I knew Draco was probably slitting his wrists (he wouldn't die because he was a vampire too and the only way you can kill a vampire is with a c-r-o-s-s (there's no way I'm writing that)But you just said that you sound like a cross between GC", ' Slipknot and MCR.or a steak)The only time my vegan friend felt the urge to kill a cow.and Vampire was probably watching a depressing movie like The Corpse Bride. I put on a black leather shirt that showed off my boobs and tiny matching miniskirt that said Simple Plan on the butt. You might think I\'m a slut but I\'m really not.Luckily for you I hate slut shaming.We were singing a cover of \'Helena\' and at the end of the song I suddenly bust into tears.""Ebony! Are you OK?"" B\'loody Mary asked in a concerted voice.Does that mean she\'s saying it like she\'s singing or something?""What the fuck do you think?"" I asked angrily. And then I said. ""Well', " Voldemort came and the fucking bastard told me to fucking kill Harry! But I don't want to kill him", ' because', " he's really nice", " even if he did go out with Draco. But if I don't kill Harry", ' then Voldemort', ' will fucking kill Draco!"" I burst into tears. Suddenly Draco jumped out from behind a wall.Surprise', ' motherfucker!""Why didn\'t you fucking tell me!"" he shouted. ""How could you- you- you fucking poser muggle bitch!"" (c is dat out of character?)Yes', ' very much. Will someone please inform his father about this now?I started to cry and cry. Draco started to cry too all sensitive. Then he ran out crying.We practiced for one more hour. Then suddenly Dumbeldore walked in angrily! His eyes were all fiery and I knew this time it wasn\'t cause he had a headache.Omg I\'m flippin\' dying.""What have you done!"" He started to cry wisely.How does one cry wisely?One does not simply cry wisely.(c dats basically nut swering and dis time he wuz relly upset n u wil c y) ""Ebony Draco has been found in his room. He committed suicide by slitting his wrists."" \u2003Yay! Out of character Draco is dead!"\n'