'"AN: shjt up prepz ok! PS I wnot update ubtil u give me goood revows!Well', " let's see what ENOBY nut mary su OK is up to today!XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX666XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXThe next day I woke up in my coffin. I put on a black miniskirt that was all ripped around the end and a matching top with red skulls all over it and high heeled boots that were black. I put on two pairs of skull earrings", ' and two crosses in my ears. I spray-painted my hair with purple.Because regular hair dye is overrated.In the Great Hall', ' I ate some Count Chocula cereal with blood instead of milk', ' and a glass of red blood. Suddenly someone bumped into me. All the blood spilled over my top.Oh no', ' now we\'ll have to read another paragraph about her changing her clothes!""Bastard!"" I shouted angrily. I regretted saying it when I looked up cause I was looking into the pale white face of a gothic boy with spiky black hair with red streaks in it. He was wearing so much eyeliner that I was going down his face and he was wearing black lipstick. He didn\'t have glasses anymore and now he was wearing red contact lenses just like Draco\'s and there was no scar on his forhead anymore. He had a manly stubble on his chin. He had a sexy English accent.He has an English accent because he\'s from England. So do all the other English boys.He looked exactly like Joel Madden. He was so sexy that my body went all hot when I saw him kind of like an erection only I\'m a girl so I didn\'t get one you sicko.Exactly zero people wanted to read that last sentence.""I\'m so sorry."" he said in a shy voice.""That\'s all right. What\'s your name?"" I questioned.""My name\'s Harry Potter', ' although most people call me Vampire these days."" he grumbled.Now she\'s ruining the main character. That\'s just great.""Why?"" I exclaimed.So did I', ' every sentence of this abomination.""Because I love the taste of human blood."" he giggled.Because that\'s so funny.""Well', ' I am a vampire."" I confessed.""Really?"" he whimpered.""Yeah."" I roared.Enoby gets upset if you don\'t believe her.We sat down to talk for a while. Then Draco came up behind me and told me he had a surprise for me so I went away with him.SURPRISE! I killed every other person in this school so our author can\'t ruin them!Also she\'s not changing now that she really needs to."\n'