'"AN: stop flaming ok! I dntn red all da boox!With all respect to the people who haven\'t read the books', " NEVER write fanfictions if you haven't read at least some of the books. You just get a way better picture of the character's personalities and just the general world they live in after reading the books. Of course", ' you can know enough from the movies for the storyline', " but it's the small things", " like Harry's eye color being different", " that just annoy the heck out of me.dis is frum da movie ok so itz nut my folt if dumbeldor swers! besuizds I SED HE HAD A HEDACHE! and da reson snap dosent lik harry now is coz hes christian and vampire is a satanist! MCR ROX!Totally unrelated band reference at the end. And we all know the tale of Dumbledore's headache. And it's ridiculous. A character having a headache isn't an excuse for them to magically have a different personality.XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX666XXXXXXXXXXXI was so mad and sad. I couldn't believe Draco for cheating on me. I began to cry against the tree where I did it with Draco.Newsflash: Maybe he didn't cheat on you! Maybe he just dated Vampire/Harry before you two started dating. Also", ' when did you ask him to be your boyfriend again?Then all of a suddenly', " an horrible man with red eyes and no nose and everything started flying towards me on a broomstick! He didn't have a nose (basically like Voldemort in the movie) and he was wearing all black but it was obvious he wasn't gothic. It was...... Voldemort!No shit Sherlock! Also", ' people call him He Who Must Not Be Named.""No!"" I shouted in a scared voice but then Voldemort shouted ""Imperius!"" and I couldn\'t run away.""Crookshanks!"" I shouted at him. Voldemort fell of his broom and started to scream. I felt bad for him even though I\'m a sadist so I stopped.It\'s flippin\' Voldemort. You don\'t leave Voldemort laying around', ' because he will kill you. And cats are not spells.""Ebony."" he yelled. ""Thou must kill Vampire Potter!""Why is he speaking Shakespearian? Is it called that? And out of everyone', " he chose Ebony to kill him. He could do it himself.I thought about Vampire and his sexah eyes and his gothic black hair and how his face looks just like Joel Madden.Who's cheating here?!I remembered that Draco had said I didn't understand", ' so I thought', ' what if Draco went out with Vampire before I went out with him and they broke up?Wow', ' great thinking!""No', ' Voldemort!"" I shouted back.Voldemort gave me a gun. ""No! Please!"" I begged.A gun. A. Gun. Wow.""Thou must!"" he yelled. ""If thou does not', ' then I shall kill thy beloved Draco!""So you can\'t kill Harry', ' but you can kill Draco?""How did you know?"" I asked in a surprised way.Voldemort got a dude-ur-so-retarded look on his face.That look has been on my face this entire time.""I hath telekinesis."" he answered cruelly. ""And if you doth not kill Vampire', ' then thou know what will happen to Draco!"" he shouted. Then he flew away angrily on his broomstick.This is starting to be funny', ' somehow.I was so scared and mad I didn\'t know what to do.Kill both of them! Kill the OOC Harry and Draco!Suddenly Draco came into the woods.""Draco!"" I said. ""Hi!""""Hi."" he said back but his face was all sad. He was wearing white foundation and messy eyeliner kind of like a pentagram (geddit) between Joel Madden and Gerard Way. ""Are you okay?"" I asked.""No."" he answered.""I\'m sorry I got all mad at you but I thought you cheated on me."" I expelled.""That\'s okay."" he said all depressed and we went back into Hogwarts together making out.And here I was', ' thinking they were only in it for the sex. Oh wait..."\n'