'"AN: STOP FLAMMING DA STORY PREPZ OK! odderwize fangs 2 da goffik ppl 4 da good reveiws! FANGS AGEN RAVEN! oh yeah', " BTW I don't own dis or da lyrics 4 Good Chralotte.The author got good reviews? Hopefully those goffs only gave her good reviews because they wanted to continue laughing because of this terrible fanfic... Otherwise", " I think I don't have any faith left in humanity...XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXOn the night of the concert I put on my black lace-up boots with high heels. Underneath them were ripped red fishnets. Then I put on a black leather minidress with all this corset stuff on the back and front. I put on matching fishnet on my arms. I straightened my hair and made it look all spiky.Nobody cares about your terrible sense of fashion.I felt a little depressed then", " so I slit one of my wrists.That is the worst depiction of depression I have EVER read. You're hearing this from someone who's mother is a psychologist and who spends all her days reading bad fanfics.I read a depressing book while I waited for it to stop bleeding and I listened to some GC. I painted my nails black and put on TONS of black eyeliner. Then I put on some black lipstick. I didn't put on foundation because I was pale anyway.Nobody cares about your damn makeup!I drank some human blood so I was ready to go to the concert.I went outside. Draco was waiting there in front of his flying car.It better be a Ford Anglia.He was wearing a Simple Plan t-shirt (they would play at the show too)", ' baggy black skater pants', ' black nail polish and a little eyeliner (AN: A lot fo kewl boiz wer it ok!).These kids would be bullied to death on my school.""Hi Draco!"" I said in a depressed voice.Aren\'t depressed voices supposed to be soft? Why the exclamation point?""Hi Ebony."" he said back. We walked into his flying black Mercedes-Benz (the license plate said 666)Why. Just why. I can\'t.and flew to the place with the concert. On the way we listened excitedly to Good Charlotte and Marilyn Manson. We both smoked cigarettes and drugs.The author says this as if it were a normal thing to do for them. So if they smoke', ' where are the bad things that happen to smokers? Like coughing or puking. Or did they only start smoking', ' like', ' a week ago?When we got there', ' we both hopped out of the car. We went to the mosh pit at the front of the stage and jumped up and down as we listened to Good Charlotte.""You come in cold', " you're covered in blood They're all so happy you've arrived The doctor cuts your cord", ' hands you to your mom She sets you free into this life."" sang Joel (I don\'t own da lyrics 2 dat song).I imagine all the broken hearts of the fans of Good Charlotte at this moment.""Joel is so fucking hot."" I said to Draco', ' pointing to him as he sung', ' filling the club with his amazing voice.So there\'s a club in Hogsmeade now? What book did I not read?Suddenly Draco looked sad.""What\'s wrong?"" I asked as we moshed to the music. Then I caught on.""Hey', ' it\'s ok I don\'t like him better than YOU!"" I said.Oh dear... They\'re going to be a couple', ' aren\'t they... Why?! Why must you ruin Draco for me?!""Really?"" asked Draco sensitively and he put his arm around me all protective.""Really."" I said. ""Besides I don\'t even know Joel and he\'s going out with Hilary fucking Duff. I fucking hate that little bitch."" I said disgustedly', " thinking of her ugly blonde face.Can someone's face be blonde? Does one have a brown face because they have brown hair? Or a red face if they have red hair?The night went on really well", ' and I had a great time. So did Draco. After the concert', ' we drank some beer and asked Benji and Joel for their autographs and photos with them. We got GC concert tees. Draco and I crawled back into the Mercedes-Benz', " but Draco didn't go back into Hogwarts", ' instead he drove the car into........................... the Forbidden Forest! \u2003No! I sense a bad sex scene! And for how long did they know each other again?"\n'