['"AN: Fangz 2 bloodytearz666 4 helpin me wif da chapta! BTW preps stop flaming ma story ok!Screw the goffs! Go Prep Army!XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX666XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXThe next day I woke up in my bedroom. It was snowing and raining again. I opened the door of my coffin and drank some blood from a bottle I had.So you keep blood in your coffin?My coffin was black ebony and inside it was hot pink velvet with black lace on the ends.Your coffin is almost as big a Mary Sue as you', ' Ebony.I got out of my coffin and took of my giant MCR t-shirt which I used for pajamas. Instead', ' I put on a black leather dress', ' a pentagram necklace', ' combat boots and black fishnets on. I put on four pairs of earrings in my pierced ears', " and put my hair in a kind of messy bun.Nobody cares about your character's clothes.My friend", ' Willow (AN: Raven dis is u!) woke up then and grinned at me. She flipped her long waist-length raven black hair with pink streaks and opened her forest-green eyes. She put on her Marilyn Manson t-shirt with a black mini', ' fishnets and pointy high-heeled boots. We put on our makeup (black lipstick white foundation and black eyeliner.)Nobody cares about Willow\'s clothes.""OMFG', ' I saw you talking to Draco Malfoy yesterday!"" she said excitedly.""Yeah? So?"" I said', ' blushing.""Do you like Draco?"" she asked as we went out of the Slytherin common room and into the Great Hall.Since when were these locations next to each other?""No I so fucking don\'t!"" I shouted.""Yeah right!"" she exclaimed. Just then', ' Draco walked up to me.""Hi."" he said.""Hi."" I replied flirtily.""Guess what."" he said.""What?"" I asked.""Well', ' Good Charlotte are having a concert in Hogsmeade."" he told me.Muggle bands? In Hogsmeade? Wait until Draco\'s father hears about this!""Oh. My. Fucking. God!"" I screamed. I love GC. They are my favorite band', ' besides MCR. ""Well.... do you want to go with me?"" he asked.What? Draco would never go to a muggle concert!I gasped*Le gasp intensifies"\n']